where's mom
and who's this gorgeous young hottie in
the kitchen yeah and why is she wearing
mom's bathrobe what do you think of my
new chin is it better than last year's
Neil behave yourself ah look who's
gracing us with their presence
oops here dad what is this garbage the
hell shake it helps me balance my
insulin hormone level so I can hit my
physical key Barbra hurry get the video
camera he's gonna hit his peak honey if
you're gonna hit your peak do it in your
room
Oh mom your voice Steve in the store and
a half hour okay and wear something nice
Emily's back from school hey Dad I think
you're confusing Steve for someone who
gives a flying rat's ass flying rat's
ass I'll be wild to see Steve at the
store in a half-hour and bring your
dancing monkey brother with you